lib: zigbee_shell: Change zc role to form new network after factory reset (#7349)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Extended ``zcl cmd`` shell command to allow sending groupcasts.
  * Extended ``zdo`` shell commands to allow binding to a group addresses.
  * Fixed an issue where printing binding table containing group-binding entries results in corrupted output.

>   * Fixed an issue where Zigbee shell coordinator does not form new network after factory reset operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Fixed an issue where Zigbee shell coordinator would not form a new network after the factory reset operation.
```
